APM SDKs (#24255)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/go.md

The Go Datadog Trace library is open source. View the [GitHub repository][1] for more information.

> The Go Datadog Trace Library has a [version support policy][2] defined for Go versions. The two latest releases of Go are fully supported, while the third newest release is considered in [maintenance][3]. Older versions may function, but no support is provided by default. For special requests, [contact support][4].

Reviewer: Seems like we missed a string - `Go Datadog Trace Library` should be `Go APM SDK`

```suggestion
The Go APM SDK has a [version support policy][2] defined for Go versions. The two latest releases of Go are fully supported, while the third newest release is considered in [maintenance][3]. Older versions may function, but no support is provided by default. For special requests, [contact support][4].
```
